# Library-of-Space-Planning
We know, there are lot of various types of building like School, University, Hospital, Resort, Hotel etc. Depending on the precise functions, building types increases and all they have specific programs or list of functional spaces or zones or departments or rooms. My desire is to make available of all those programs in excel and in one download place to ease our planning process and often these lists could be used in generative design. From time saver standards, we know the minimum standards of areas for functional spaces or rooms. We might develop those programs with those minimum standards for a specific type of building along with other factors like adjacency, weight, minimum width etc., so that these lists could be a better resource for those who are experimenting generative design. Actually, we already have such programs in excel sheets, we just need to share those in one place. Further, if those lists do not comply with minimum standards of building codes or differ a bit from our actual space planning, still would be helpful to edit those and share back! These lists or excel sheets of building programs will help every architect to get an idea of various types of buildings and they will be able to create various types of projects even only for study purpose.

If this seems worthy, I like to ask architects and building proffessionals to upload those programs we already have in clouds or in our office as Revit schedules of rooms in this repositoryand edit them with various building standards like zoning, minimum standards etc.. It would be also helpful, if anyone knows such a place in cloud that already exists and share it’s link here!
